hey what's happening guys it's Bob curry
HD here and today I'm gonna show you a
really really easy glitch to get a lot
of money quickly this glitch can get you
up to 30 K or sorry 300 K an hour or 150
K in half an hour and I only did this
for three minutes duplicating and I got
15 K which is incredible so yeah if you
don't know how to get the Excalibur
already I'll leave an annotation on the
screen and what you want to do is get
the Excalibur and then you want to come
back to your original safehouse which is
the tower and you want to clear as much
room as you can in your backpack and
just keep duplicating your Excalibur
just keep on duplicating it and
duplicating it until your backpack fills
up and what helps is if you get your
survivor skill up you can upgrade your
backpack to hold I think it's C they're
14 or 16 items in your backpack and once
you get that perk you'll be able to
duplicate this Excalibur and you'll be
able to sell like 10 to 12 at a time if
you're holding other stuff if you're
just duplicating the Excalibur you'll be
able to sell 14 at a time so yeah
basically what you want to do to
duplicate is you need the melee throw
perk under power and you want to double
tap the right trigger or sorry the right
stick you want to throw your weapon and
as soon as your throw your weapon you
want to go into your inventory and drop
the weapon and that's gonna have two of
them fall on the ground and you just
pick one up and keep deep getting it
well yeah as you can see I only have
four or actually rather 3,200 since I
just bought something and I have about
10-12 Excalibur's which I'm about to
sell and I'm only gonna I'm gonna leave
one so I can keep duplicating it but
after I've sold all of them I've got
about 16 K which is really incredible it
goes really fast and I hope you guys can
get this before it gets patched because
it's gonna get a lot of people a lot of
money
early on so yeah once again if you enjoy
this video please leave a like and a
comment and rate and subscribe I'll be
posting some more dying light soon and
I'm gonna be looking for some glitches
alright thanks for watching guys peace
out